# 14/03/2025

Tasks:
- Deliver project idea report
- Create github repository
- Create README.md file with planification of activities for this project
- Create diary directory where I'll keep track of my progress
- Research composition of models (specificly the skier model)

Thoughts:

When creating the character, I will need to separate it in different components. The character has the ski boards, feet, legs, a torso, arms, hands, and a head. It is pointless to create a realistic character, as not only I will be mostly unable to achieve this, there isn't that much time available.

When creating the Floor, I cannot just make a white floor. There is some texture to be added. I could insert many small bumps, but I could instead place a texture on the snow to make it look it has depth.

When creating the Tree, I can use the code I already have from the practical classes. I might modify it to make better looking trees

When creating the Gates, I need to have in account the color. The gates should alternate between blue and red. Each gate will have 2 point lights. It will be composed of 2 tiny poles and a banner in the middle. I don't know yet how to make a banner that looks like that (affected by gravity) but a straightforward one also should work

When creating the Rock, it's best to try and create an irregular shape so that it can be more realistic. I could also use a different paint in order to give the illusion of depth.

When creating the Pole, it's just a cylinder. Easiest one.

When creating the spotlight model I need to make sure to build 2 components - the base and the spotlight itself.


---

Using Copilot to help me, I was able to create a rudimentary character model. It will be target of improvements but it's an excellent help to get started.